# Last id: 49

2. The scrollbar area currently doesn't work with horizontal scrolling.

5. The text editor currently is very janky as it requires you to hover over it to enter anything,
  I should somehow facilitate "focused" elements in the editor. (Github #7)

6. Text box improvements: (Github #7)

9. Currently worlddata needs to accept a world as a parameter because it needs some data initialized prior,
  The tilemap needs its image, tile size set, etc.
  * Make a "world patch" to change some of the world's fields without altering everything else, then
    the worlddata can return that patch which user can apply.
  * Decouple world from it's rendering and everything else, instead make it a bare tilemap, removing all connections to
    tilesets and so on. Probably a better option.

13. Fix input system ordering going from first sibling to last, it should be from last to first.
  - guaranteed one frame delay 

15. Editor theming.
  I just removed d_colors.um and I intend to make a theme structure instead, could look sweet <3

17. Port the debug view I had from the old UI. It was really handy.
  - there's console

22. Session thing will crash if I load an invalid session file.
  - no error checking

26. The tileset right now assigns ID's to tiles based on `X+(Y*W)` where X
  is the tile id X, Y is the tile id Y, and W is the tile count in a row
  of the image. This makes it so that if image width is resized all ID's will
  be messed up. This can be fixed by using more sparse lookup table for ID's.

28. Handle overlapping camera constraints properly, make it possible for 
  them to be merged.

29. Add some kind of docking/tab support for windows so to not make it a mess

31. Fix seams in between tiles on higher resolutions

32. Investigate strange random freezee when you start a level

33. I can drag windows outside the window, so I may not be able to access them. This needs to be fixed.

34. Now unit tests will also create windows. BAD

35. Setup C building for emscripten

36. Add reset portals that will allow you to load them and reset the state.

37. Fix pixel borders of tiles.
  - this probably happens because of bilinear texturing

38. Grid snapping in editor

39. Performance issues and rendering bugs (RE: tophat)

40. Move the TODO list to sourcehut TODO.

41. Replace TOML with JSON
  TOML is just too complicated compared to JSON.

42. Consistent module naming:
  - There was the first system, where I prepended everything with d_ (it was a cave story clone initially, so it meant Doukutsu), however, now I also have e_, which is prefix for "editor", but I also have 'm' prefix, which is prefix for module. The reason for the prefix is avoiding name conflicts with variables and module names. This is mostly obsolete since there's now module alises.
    There's currently no consistency in the naming of the modules.

43. Solve clipping through walls.
  When you save in a wall that is about to be activated, you'll clip inside it.
  One way to fix it is to introduce invalid states, for example, when PAL is inside
  the wall, it can't reload the state because it's invalid. 
  The invalid state mechanic can also be used intentionally.
  - State lockout added

44. Add elevators that will move you up.

45. Add entity sprites in editor as well.

46. Make dialog system into a functional state.

47. Add more combinatorics/dynamicitiy into the gameplay.

48. Add 2 more levels to the Prologue and polish it into a presentable state, with an intro et al.

49. Add invisible tiles, that are only displayed by their icon on the editor but not actually rendered.


